Dear Sir/Madam,

I, Rhoda Daniel, working for TE Connectivity as Product Specialist in Munich, Germany, hold German National Residence Permit / EU Blue Card. I am an Indian citizen holding Indian passport issued in Munich on 08/03/2019 and valid till 07/03/2029.

I am writing this letter to you regarding the entry visa for my Boyfriend Mr. Rakesh Roshan Chandrasheker holding Indian passport P5718276. He received his job seeker visa for Germany and he is currently in Bangalore.The visa was stamped on March 16,2020 and holds validity from May, 1 till Oct,30. Due to the corona situation he was not able to travel. I am aware that there are certain restrictions for entry until 1st of July. I hope you can help us in this regard.

He has been looking forward to find his dream job in Germany and at the same time start his life with me.We both have known each other since 9 years and I have faith that his interest to start his professional path in Germany will definitely help him reach his goals. He is a Software developer by profession. He has already taken up a few online interviews during the past months , he cleared the initial rounds of interviews but  most employers were not happy to process forward as he is physically not present in Germany and travelling was not a possibility due to corona. He is persuasively applying but until now found no success in getting a job contract.His presence in Germany can definitely change the employer's perspective and trust. And he will surely be successful in finding a job.
I will make sure and take up the responsibility that he follows all the rules and regulations laid by the German government in all aspects. We will follow the quarantine measures strictly if he is granted the permission to enter.

And I would like to bring to your notice that he will be staying  with me in my apartment at Neubiberg. I have a confirmation from my Landlord in this regard. Please find the relevant documents attached. Both of us are financially very stable to sustain.

I kindly request you to grant him an entry permit into Germany and make our dreams come true. I have attached all the documents which can prove to you my identity and his. If you need any further documents, please write 